 ▐▛███▛█   Claude Code v2.1.287
▝▜██████▀  Opus 5.5 · Claude Max
 ▝▝   ▝▝   ~/Documents/Projects/_precision/precision-take-home


❯ /clear                                                                        

❯ /spec-driven implement                                                        

  Read 8 files, ran 6 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ I have read the specs, the feature 7 folder, and the code it touches. The
  skill needs one confirmation before I write code.

⏺ User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · Is the feature 7 plan in specs/features/07-settings-display/ approved for
     implementation? → Approved

  Ran 6 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Steps 1 and 2 are done in the backend. I am now writing the backend tests for
  V1 and V2.

  Ran 7 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The backend steps 1 to 3 pass with 92 tests, ruff, and mypy. I am now on the
  frontend steps 4 to 9.

  Ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The new server source tests pass, but two tests in app.spec.ts fail since
  their fake EventSource lacks addEventListener. I'll make a one-line fix to
  that fake and note it as a deviation from the plan since this file wasn't
  named in it.

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Frontend tests (126), ESLint, Prettier, and the build pass. I am now running
  the app to check the panel height and the Paused badge in Chrome.

  Read 3 files, ran 6 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Background command "Run the local frontend dev server" failed with exit code 2

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Background command "Run the local backend server" completed (exit code 0)

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Feature 7 is implemented on feature/07-settings-display, and nothing is
  committed. All 12 plan steps are done.

  Test results

  - make test passes with 92 backend tests at 100 percent coverage, 126 frontend
    tests, and 7 infra tests.
  - make lint exits with code 0.
  - cd frontend && npx ng build exits with code 0.
  - I did not run the manual checks M1 to M8, because they belong to validate. I
    did look at the Live and Paused states in headless Chrome against the local
    server, and the badge, the pause icon, and the four new readouts showed
    correctly.

  Differences from the plan

  - frontend/src/app/app.spec.ts changed, and the plan does not name it. The
    server source now calls addEventListener('update', ...), and the fake
    EventSource in the page tests had no such method. I added addEventListener: 
    vi.fn() to that fake and changed no test case.
  - The readout gap in side-panel.scss went from 20 px to 12 px, and the panel 
    now scrolls in a short window. The plan names the file and does not say what
    changes in it. With the 20 px gap the page needed 807 px of height, and the
    Max value readout was clipped in a 760 px window. The page now needs 703
    px, or 723 px with the frame rate warning. This changes the spacing of the
    three older readouts too, so tell me if you want the 20 px gap back with
    scroll only.
  - Two older backend tests changed with the same cases.
    - test_first_event_is_a_batch_of_250_integers is now
      test_first_batch_has_250_integers, because the first event is the settings
      packet.
    - The pause and resume test in test_broadcaster.py now reads the wake item
      before the first new batch.
  - The change counter on the broadcaster is named version.

  One thing I saw and did not change

  The README test source table gives the rate default as 100000, and the code
  default in test-source-settings.ts is 5,000. Neither is part of this feature.

  Next step

  Clear the session, and then run /spec-driven validate.

✻ Churned for 9m 45s · done 4:26 PM

※ recap: Feature 7, the settings display, is implemented on feature/07-settings-display with all tests, linters, and the build passing, and nothing is committed. Next, clear the session and run /spec-driven validate.

❯ In the validation, switch make backend for make docker and run it all in      
  there. Make sure there is one M test for cloud server getting a settings      
  update and that being refleted on the frontend.                               
  ⎿  1 skill available

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ specs/features/07-settings-display/validation.md now runs every local manual
  check against make docker, and it has a cloud check for a settings change.

  - Docker: M1 starts the server with make docker, and M5 restarts it with make 
    docker. The intro to the manual checks says that every local check uses the
    Docker server and needs Docker Desktop. M2, M3, and M4 build on M1, so they
    use the same container.
  - Cloud settings change: The new M8 sends a PATCH to the cloud server that
    sets 20 samples per second, a 1,000 ms interval, and a max value of 64. It
    expects the three readouts to change within 1 s with no reload and the badge
    to stay Live. A second PATCH sets the defaults back.
  - M7: The cloud pause and resume steps now give the exact curl commands.
  - Renumbering: The README and logs check moved from M8 to M9.

  I changed only the validation file and did not run any manual check. The
  automated checks still use make test, which runs the app in Uvicorn inside
  pytest and not in Docker. Tell me if you want those to run against the
  container too, because that needs a change to the tests.

  Clear the session, and then run /spec-driven validate.

✻ Worked for 34s · done 9:10 PM

※ recap: Feature 7, the settings display, is implemented and passes all automated checks, and the validation file now uses make docker with a new cloud settings check. Next, clear the session and run /spec-driven validate.